오전 8:47 2023-09-11

<Beauty and the Beast>


 Once, there was a rich merchant who had many ships. He bought and sold things from around the world. 
He lived in a big house by the sea. He had three daughters. The daughters were all very beautiful, but the
youngest was the most buattiful of all. In fact, she was so beautiful that everyone called her "Beauty."
 Beauty was not only pretty but also kind and smart.



She loved reading. Her two sisters were not very nice though. They were selfish and greedy. They liked to
go to parties and to wear nice dresses. They were always mean to Beauty. They laughed at her when she 
read books. They only thought about marring rich men.
 One day, there was a terrible storm at sea. All the merchant"s ships sank, so he lost everything. 
The man had to sell his big house and move into a small house in the contryside.
 " I'm sorry, my children. All my ships sank," said the man. "We have no money, so we have to work to
earn money."



 "But, Father," said the eldest daughter. "We have never worked in our lives. We don't know how to work."
 "We can't work. No rich man will want to marry us!" the middle daugter cried.
The family moved to the small country house.
"This house is so tiny," said the eldest daughter.
"How are we supposed to live here?" the middle daughter cried.
 The two sisters did not stop complaining. But Beauty did not complain at all. instead, she tried to be happy
and to make everyone else happy.
 "I will clean the house, Father, "she said. "This house is small, but we can be happy here."
 Beauty worked hard erery day. She woke up early in the morning and cleaned the house. She cooked
breakfast, lunch, and dinner for her family. But her sisters never did not work. They sat around and complained 
all the time.



 One day Beauty"s father received a letter. He read the letter and instantly cheered up.
 "Children, I just heard some good news," he said. 
"One of my ships did not sink. It is bringing back lots of gold and silver for us. We are rich again. I muse go to
the port now."
 Beauty"s sisters jumped for joy. "We are rich! We are rich!" they cried.
 "Oh, Father, you must buy us some new dresses," said the two older sisters.
 "Yes, my dears, I will," said their father.
 "And you, Beauty, what would you like me to get you? asked her father. Beauty did not want anything.
 She was happy just because she could see her father happy. "Please bring me a rose, said Beauty. "There are
no roses in our garden."



 Beauty"s father hurried to the port. When he arrived there, he heard some bad news.
 "The gold and silver are gone," his friend told him.
"Pirates stole it. There is your ship. It has many holes in it, so you must fix the holes before the ship can sail again."
 Beauty"s father fell to the ground.
 "Without any gold or silver, I cannot afford to fix my ship," said Beauty"s father sadly. "I will leave the ship
there for now and return to the countryside."



 Then he remembered his daughters. He looked in his pocketsand found only a few coins. "Idon"t have enough
money to buy any dresses. Sadly, he startedto walk back home. Suddenly the weather became terribly cold.
It beganto snow, and the wind blew heavily. Soon, he was lost in a forest.
"This is very strange," he said to himself. " I have never seen this forest before. I must be lost."
 He heard wolves howling loudly. He began to feel very afraid. "I must find some shelter. There is no way I will
get home tonight." he said.



 He looked around and saw a light at some distance. "What is that? Is there a house there?"
 Beauty"s father followed the light. After a few minutes, he found a castle.
 "I wonder who lives here," he said. He went to the door of the castle.
 "Hello?" he called. But there was no answer. The door was open, so he walked inside. He saw no one. It was
cold, and he was tired. He enterda large hall. It was a dining. A huge fire was burning in the fireplace.



And the dining table was full of food. There was a single plate on the table with a knife and fork beside it.
 "This must someone"s dinner," he thought. He waited for the person to arrived, but no one came.
Finally, after he had waited for a couple of hours, he sat down at the table and ate the food. Because he was
starving, he ate all of the food. Then, he found a bedroom and fell asleep immediatly.
 In the morning, Beauty"s father woke up. He looked around the room. He saw some breakfast on the table.
But he did not see anybody. He sat down at the table and enjoyed breakfast. While he ate, he looked outside.
He saw a beautiful garden full of flowers.



 "That"s strange," he thought. "Last night, there was a huge snowstorm, but the sun is shining now, and the
flowers are blooming."
 Just then, he remembered the promise that he had made to Beauty. "A rose!" he said aloud. "I promised
Beauty I would bring her a rose."
 He went out to the garden and found a rose bush. It was full of beautiful red roses. He picked one. But as
soon as he picked the rose, he heard a loud roar. And he saw a frightful, angry beast coming toward him.
 "You dirty thief!" cried the Beast.



 "I saved your life and gave you food and a bed. But in return, you are stealing my flowers. Now you"re
going to pay for it. I"m going to kill you."
 Beauty"s father fell to the ground and cried out.
"Forgime me. I only wanted a single rose for my daughter. I promised to bring a rose to my youngest daughter,
Beauty. Please do not kill me."
 The Beast looked down at him angrily and said, "All right, You may go home. But you have to send me your daughter. 
 She must come here and live in this castle with me. If not, then you must return and die. Go back your bedroom.
 There is a box of gold there. Take it and go."



 Beauty"s father hurried away form the castle as fast as he could.
 When he got home, he told his children what had happened.
 "I must return to the castle," he said. "I just wanted to say goodbye to all of you."
 Beauty"s sisters suddenly became angry at her.
 "Beauty, what have you done?" they shouted. "It"s your fault. You wanted toe rose, and now Father must die.
 You stupid girl!" 
"Father, I"ll go to the Beast. I"m not afraid. I will go and live with the Beast," Beauty said quietly.



 "No, Beauty, no."
 "There is no choice," she said. "The Beast will kill you and our family if I do not go."
 Beauty"s father was very sad. He went to his bedroom.
Beauty followed him there.
 "What is the Beast like, father? Is he very ugly?" She asked.
 "Yes, the Beast is ugly, but he can also be kind. Look.
He gave me this box of gold. But do not tell your sisters about it. They will only spend it on new dresses."



 "Father, please give the money to them." Beauty told he father. "While you were away, two men came here.
My sisters are goingto marry them, so they will have to buy many things. They need that money."
 The next morning, Beauty said goodbye to her family and left for the castle.
 She was very sad, but she did not cry. Late in the evening, she finally arrived at the Beast"s castle.
 The door was open, so she walked up  to it. 
 Shesaw nobody. "Hello? she yelled, but no one answered.



 "What a weird place!" thought Beauty. But sh was very brave. She walked around the castle and found the 
dining room. There was a table with lots of food on it.
All her favorite foods were on the table. There were two plates, two glasses, two forks, and two knives.
 Beauty sat down and ate the food.



 After supper, Beauty started to look around the castle.
It was a beautiful castle with many fine rooms. Wjen Beauty got to one room, she looked at the door.
 There was a sign on the door. It read "Beauty"s Room."
 "Is this my room? Well if he gives me a special room, maybe he will not kill me," she thought.
 Beauty opened the door and went inside. It was most beautiful room she had ever seen,. It was full of floiwers, 
books, and beautiful clothes. She picked up one book and opened it. Inside, there was a note. It read:
                            
                        Welcome, Beauty
                        Do not be afraid.
                        You will be safe and happy here.
                        I will do anything you want.
                        You may have all of this.




 "He must be very kind." Beauty thought. Beauty was very tired. She went to bed ans fell asleep instantly.
 Beauty spent the next day alone. In the evening.
 Beauty put on the most beautiful dress and went to the dining room. All of her favorite foods were on the
table.
 Beauty sat down. Suddenly, sheheard a gentle growl, and the Beast came in. He was wearing fine clothes,
but he had as much hair as a lion.
 Beauty said, "Thank you for my present, sir."



 "Call me Beast," said the Beast.
 "Tell me, Beauty. Am I very ugly? Are you afraid of me?"
 "Yes, Beast, you are ugly," said Beauty. "But you seem to be very gentle. I"m not afraid of you because
you"re nice to me."
 "Thand you for saying that," said the Beast.
 That evening, Beauty and the Beast had dinner together. They talked about many topics. By the end of
the dinner, Beauty thought that the Beast was not so frightening.



 The next day, Beauty went downstairs. There, she saw the Beast waiting for her.
 "There is a mirror in your bedroom," the Beast said.
"It is a magic mirror." When you want to see your father, look into that mirror."
 "That is very generous of you. Thank you," replied Beauty.
 "Beauty, I know that I am ugly," said the Beast.
"I must be stupid as well because I cannot think of antthing smart to say to you.
 Beauty felt bad. "I know many people who look beautiful but have ugly hearts," she said. "I like you
better than those people, Beast."
 


"Then will you marry me? asked the Beast.
 "Marry you? Oh no. I"m sorry, but I cannot do that," she said.
 Beauty lived in the castle with the Beast, and they were very happy. Every night at nine o"clock,
 Beauty and Beast had dinner together and chatted. At the end of every dinner, the Beast always
proposed, "Will you marry me?" And Beauty always answered, "I like you, but I cannot marry you."
 For three months, Beauty lived at the castle. She was happy there. She read books and walked 
through the garden every day. But, one day, she looked into the magic mirror.



 She saw her father. He was sick in bed and was all by himself.
 "I must go and see my father.
 I must talk to the Beauty thought.
 At nine o"clock, Beauty and the Beast had dinner together. The Beast said, "If you will not marry me
then will you be my friend? I want you to stay with me forever."



 "Of course I will,"Beauty answered. "You are kind to me.
I will stay here with you, but there is a problem. I looked into the magic mirrorand saw my father.
 He is sick in bed and all by himself. Will you please let me go to visit him?"
 "If you leave, you will not come back,"the Beast said.
 "I promise to come back," said Beauty. But let me go there for one week."
 TheBeast though for a moment and then said, "Okay. You may go."
 He gave Beauty a ring and said,"Take this. Put on this ring and to to bed. Tomorrow, you will 
wake up in your father"s home. After seven days, take the ring off and put the ring by your bed.
You"ll wake up in this castle."



 "Goodbye, Beauty. Don"t forget your promise. Come back in seven days."
 Beauty thanked the Beast. She put the ring on and went to sleep. In the morning, when she woke up,
she was in her father"s home. She got up and ran to her father.
 "Father, I"m home," she said.
 "Oh, Beauty,"he cried, "you have returned. I thought the Beast ate you. I"m ill, and I am alone. Your
sisters are married, and they never visit me."
 "Father, I am only here for one week, but I will take good care fo you. 
 You will feel better soon," Beauty reponded.
 Beauty"s father looked at her. "You look beautiful," he said. "Your dress looks very nice. Is the Beast
good to you?"



 "Yes, he is very kind to me. I like him very much.
Perhaps I almost love him," Beauty said.
 Her older sisters heard that Beauty was back. They came to visit her with their husbands. Both sisters 
were unhappy. One had a very handsome husband, but he was unkind. The other had a very smart 
husband, b;ut he talked too much. When they saw Beauty in her beautiful dress, they both became
angry. "why is she always happy?" said one.



 "I can"t stand this. Let"s keep Beauty here than a week. Then, the Beast will become angry with her.
Maybe the Beast will eat her then." The other sister agreed.
 So thet said to Beauty. "Oh, Beauty, we are so happy to see you. Please stay here for a few more days."
 Beauty disliked seeing them sad. Sp a week passed, but Beauty did not to back to the castle.
 Then, one night, Beauty had a dream. In her dream, she saw the Beast.
 The Beast was lying on the grass.



 He was very sick and sad. He seemed to be dying. Beauty heard the Beast saying, "Oh, Beauty! Beauuty,
why haven"t you come back yet? I am dying."
 Beauty woke up and jumped out of bed. It was the middle of the night.
 "I"m coming back, Beast!" she said. She removed the ring quickly and put it beside her bed. Then, she
went back to sleep.



 Beauty woke up in the castle. She jumped up and went looking for the Beast. She tried every room in
the castle, but she could not find the Beast anywhere.
 Then, she remembered her dream. She ran into the garden and saw the Beast.
 "Wake up, Beast. Wake up," she cried. "I"m back. I"m so sorry."
 The Beast slowly lifted his head. "I waited for you, Beauty. But you didn"t come. Now it is too late. I"m
going to die soon."



 "No, Beast, you cannot die. I need you," said Beauty.
 "I love you, Beast. Please don"t die. I want to marry you." Beauty kissed his ugly face.
 At that moment, something magical happened. The sky was filled with bright light. In a moment, Beauty
found herself inside the castle. The room was filled with flowers. But the Beast was not there. Next to
Beauty was a very handsome young man. He was dressed like a prince.
 "What"s going on here? Where os Beast?" Beauty asked.



 "Iam here, Beauty," said the prince. "I am the Beast.
Well, I was the Beast."
 "A long time age,"said the prince. "Iwas selfish and unkind. A fairy touched me with her magic wand and 
put a spell on me. Sje turned me into a beast. She cursed me to be a beast forever until someone loved me.
 You broke the spell, Beauty. I became a man again becase you love me."



 Then, the fairy suddenly appeared and said, "Yes, Beauty, you understand that kindness is more important
than looks. Your sisters don"t understand that. So now they are unhappy with their husbands. But you
will be happy with your prince. You are the most beautiful couple in the world.
 I will marry you and give you happiness for the rest of your lives. And I will grant you many beautiful
children, too."
 Beauty and the prince married soon. They had a wonderful wedding. Beauty invited her fatherto live in
the castle with her. Beauty and the prince lived happily ever after.

끝






















